1) I broke up the website mosttly into divs, with multiple divd inside, 
and each level of the website is a flex going horizontal, with an h1 starting
each new section

2)I applied images onto each of the smallest divs, and had them display as blocks
so that the content would be vertical, and then had a link underneath, acting as a headline

3) I applied to each link 2 nearly identical style rules, 
the rule for a:hover is just a different color so that the user will realize
that its a link

4)I applied an identical id to every photo and div in the lower part of the website
so that i could apply style rules to them that would be universal only within that 
part of the website

5) for the "daily specials" there are two classes, one for when 
its closed, and one for when it's toggled, and the js has an event listener
that when it hears a click will toggle to the other class

6)A similar idea was used for the collapsable nav, two classes were created, one off them
was the toggle class, and when the event listener hears the click, it changes the class, and i reverse engineered
it a little by removing the active class, so that it would start in the collapsed position. the
toggle function also had a style rule that rotates 360 degrees across the
x-axis

7) the clock has needles created by creating a div class that is very thin but tall, and has a b
border radius at the two top corners, and had a rotate transform origin at the bottom center, and it
will translate -50% on the x-axis, and -100% on the y, and the 
rotate starts at 0. the js involves making a few arrays with psooble
days of the week, and the months. and then a function that sets
the variable time to the date, and the methods, getting the day month etc. with 
the time."" method. Then there we call the element, say
the hour needle, then there is a function called scale overflow, that accepts parameters
for the maximum and minimus hours, minutes, and seconds. Then we have another funtion, which takes the p
parameters puts them into "scale" gets the data and apllies it to the transform
of the css. and then there is a set interval function, which gets the data from
the constant "time" and apllies the data. 

8)The digital time gets the data
from the function earlie that got the data from time."", and has an a ternary operator, that 
checks of the minutes are less that ten and will add a zero if it is to get 12:05 
for example. The months and days, take the index from the time."" system and traverse the array based on that number

9)the counter js has a for each operator that edits the innerText and starts
it at zero, then a function gets the attribute data-target from
the html. Then we created an increment constant that takes the target and divides it by 
200, and an if statement keeps it from passing the actual target, and
a math.ceil method rounds it. then a setTimeout method set to a milisecond, makes it pause a little in between 
adding the increments

10)I played around with the origional css, and i converted the nav trasition
from y to x, as well as changed the display to a block to make it vertical, i changed the 
border radius on the arrows to make them pointy. I as well, 
created a news list next to the headline, full of related "links", and i created
a style rule for every link that removed the underline giving it a proffesional appearance


 